This is the perfect solution for camping.  When you need to pee in the middle of the night, its a hassle to get up, put on some clothes, find your flip flops, and trek outside to pee.  (I will admit its usually really enjoyable when you have a cool, clear night and are looking up at the stars!)  Kept a couple of these in my tent when camping last weekend and Ill be honest, it was great to essentially just stay in bed.  It took some care and precision, but was very manageable.  I found that my bags do NOT have a &#34;ziploc&#34; top, but the material solidifies quickly with no odor, so I just kinda set it to the side - no big deal.  Im a fan of these and will make sure I always have them camping.
2 Yes Outdoors

It pains me to write this review as I have been a long time fan of the NBA 2K franchise, but whoever decided to remove the online component from NBA 2K12 should be fired.  If it was a committee, the whole committee should be sent to Siberia.  Who in the year of lord two thousand and eleven thought this was a good idea?!  From the manual that comes with the game:  "All of the latest transactions from the 2010-2011 season have been incorporated, meaning: you will be playing with the most up-to-date teams and ratings."  Horsepucky!   With no online component, it is impossible to automatically update rosters, meaning: every person who buys this game is stuck with the rosters from June of 2011, unless they feel like spending several hours manually making hundreds of trades.  Massive Fail!
3 Yes PC

Excellent briefcase with many pockets and file separators.  Easily fits an I-Pad or laptop for travel and zippers for security.  Looks and feels durable, is easy to transport and expandable to include all the papers and files that may be needed at one time.  Was able to purchase at a very good price and am extremely happy with the product!
5 Yes Office Products

When least you think so, this product will save the day. Just keep it around just in case you need it for something.
5 Yes Office Products